Docs: Add new meta descriptions and meta titles (#9820)
handsontable/handsontable: docs/content/guides/integrate-with-vue/vue-hot-reference.md

---

> title: 'Referencing the Handsontable instance in Vue 2'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Referencing the Handsontable instance in Vue 2
```
